app/vmselect/searchutil: prioritize URL query params over form values (#10928)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/): now correctly respects disabling retries via `-maxRequestBodySizeToRetry=0`. Previously, disabling retries required setting both `-maxRequestBodySizeToRetry` and `-requestBufferSize` to `0`. See [#10857](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10857). Thanks to @andriibeee for the contribution.
* BUGFIX: [vmbackupmanager](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmbackupmanager/): explicitly set the MD5 checksum for `DeleteObjects` requests. Starting with [aws-sdk-go-v2/service/s3 v1.73.0](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/blob/release-2025-01-15/service/s3/CHANGELOG.md#v1730-2025-01-15), the SDK switched the checksum algorithm from MD5 to CRC32, which [can break compatibility](https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/discussions/2960) with some third-party S3 implementations, including [Dell ECS](https://www.dell.com/en-us/lp/dt/elastic-cloud-storage). See [#10907](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10907).

> * BUGFIX: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/): and `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): give priority to `extra_label` and `extra_filters[]` params defined in URL query string over those defined in request body form, resolving conflicts between the two. See [#10908](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10908).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/): and `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): give priority to `extra_label` and `extra_filters[]` params defined in URL query string over those defined in request body form, to properly respect constraints imposed by `vmauth`. See [#10908](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10908).
```
